Doc/issue 496 (#499)
pyansys/pymapdl: doc/source/contributing.rst

section <#creating-a-new-pull-request>`__.

Making Issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Should you come across a bug in pyansys or otherwise encounter some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should you come across a bug in ``pymapdl`` or otherwise encounter some
```
pyansys is now the umbrella project including pyaedt, dpf, pymapdl, and pymapdl-reader

> unexpected behaviour you should create an "issue" regarding it.

Reviewer: Add link to issues tab here.

worked on at any one time, and by who. We have two issue templates
that we recommend you use:

* Bug report template
* Feature request template

If your issue does not fit into these two categories you are free
to create your own issue as well.

Issues should contain sufficient context for others to reproduce your
problem, such as the application versions you are using as well as
reproduction steps. Use issue labels like "Documentation" to further
highlight your issue's category.

Developers will respond to your issue and hopefully resolve it! Users
are encouraged to close their own issues once they are completed.
Otherwise, issues will be closed after a period of inactivity at the
discretion of the maintainers.

Should it turn out the fix did not work, or your issue was closed
erroneously, please re-open your issue with a comment addressing why.

Open ended questions should go in the discussion tab and should an
issue generate additional discussion, further issues should be spun out
into their own separate issues. This helps developers keep track of
what is being done and what needs to be done.

Discussions
~~~~~~~~~~~

> General questions about pyansys should go in the discussions tab on

Reviewer: Add link to the discussions tab here.

the repo rather than as issues themselves. Issues can be spun out of
discussions depending on what is decided, but general Q&A content
should start as discussions where possible.

.. note::

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No new line on `.. note::` directive.

    The discussions feature is still in beta on GitHub, so this may
    change in the future.

Creating a New Pull Request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Once you have tested your branch locally, create a pull request on
`PyMAPDL <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl>`_ and target your

> merge to `main`.  This will automatically run continuous

Reviewer: Thanks for adding those changes.  We'll have to do this on other projects.

worked on at any one time, and by who. We have two issue templates
that we recommend you use:

* Bug report template
* Feature request template

If your issue does not fit into these two categories you are free
to create your own issue as well.

Issues should contain sufficient context for others to reproduce your
problem, such as the application versions you are using as well as
reproduction steps. Use issue labels like "Documentation" to further
highlight your issue's category.

Developers will respond to your issue and hopefully resolve it! Users
are encouraged to close their own issues once they are completed.
Otherwise, issues will be closed after a period of inactivity at the
discretion of the maintainers.

Should it turn out the fix did not work, or your issue was closed
erroneously, please re-open your issue with a comment addressing why.

Open ended questions should go in the `discussions tab <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/discussions>`_
and should an issue generate additional discussion, further issues
should be spun out into their own separate issues. This helps developers
keep track of what is being done and what needs to be done.

Discussions
~~~~~~~~~~~

> General questions about pyansys should go in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
General questions about ``pymapdl`` should go in the
```

Reviewer: Looks like this was fixed.  Thanks for helping with the review @natter1.

`discussions tab <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/discussions>`_ on
the repo rather than as issues themselves. Issues can be spun out of
discussions depending on what is decided, but general Q&A content
should start as discussions where possible.

.. note::
    The discussions feature is still in beta on GitHub, so this may
    change in the future.

Creating a New Pull Request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Once you have tested your branch locally, create a pull request on
`PyMAPDL <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl>`_ and target your
merge to `main`.  This will automatically run continuous
integration (CI) testing and verify your changes will work across all
supported platforms.

> 

Reviewer 2: line 196 (below) maybe also change pyansys->pymapdl?

Reviewer 2: As an additional remark, there seems to be a mixture of PyMAPDL and pymapdl.

section <#creating-a-new-pull-request>`__.

> Making Issues
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opening Issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> Should you come across a bug in ``PyMAPDLl`` or otherwise encounter some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should you come across a bug in ``PyMAPDL`` or otherwise encounter some
```

unexpected behaviour you should create an "issue" regarding it. Issues are
created and submitted `here <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/issues>`_.
Issues are used when developing to keep track of what is being
worked on at any one time, and by who. We have two issue templates
that we recommend you use:

* Bug report template
* Feature request template

If your issue does not fit into these two categories you are free
to create your own issue as well.

Issues should contain sufficient context for others to reproduce your
problem, such as the application versions you are using as well as
reproduction steps. Use issue labels like "Documentation" to further
highlight your issue's category.

Developers will respond to your issue and hopefully resolve it! Users
are encouraged to close their own issues once they are completed.
Otherwise, issues will be closed after a period of inactivity at the
discretion of the maintainers.

Should it turn out the fix did not work, or your issue was closed
erroneously, please re-open your issue with a comment addressing why.

> Open ended questions should go in the `discussions tab <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/discussions>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open ended questions should be opened in `Discussions <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/discussions>`_,
```

and should an issue generate additional discussion, further issues
should be spun out into their own separate issues. This helps developers
keep track of what is being done and what needs to be done.

Discussions
~~~~~~~~~~~

> General questions about PyMAPDL should go in the
> `discussions tab <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/discussions>`_ on
> the repo rather than as issues themselves. Issues can be spun out of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
General questions about PyMAPDL should be raised in
`Discussions <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl/discussions>`_ in
this repository rather than as issues themselves. Issues can be spun out of
```
